files very easily all we have to do to
use some Json file in our Javascript
file we just have to import it as usual
as native ecmascript module and let's
see it in action so in here I'm going to
import some Json file and accept default
export from this module in data variable
and then let's create basic Json file
with a couple of fields for example name
and
H this object will describe a person and
then just to see what we're going to get
inside of data variable let's print it
out in the console and check it in the
browser and first of all what is going
to happen in a browser whenever it
encounters our Json import right here it
is going to fire a code to our server to
fetch this JavaScript module but since
this file is not a valid JavaScript
module VD has to process this import
first and convert Json file into valid
ecmascript module and eventually by
doing a cod to fetch this file in the
browser we're going to get the following
in the response so every field of that
Json object was exported here separately
and additionally the whole Json object
gets exported as default expert right
here and by printing that value which
gets exported from Json module we will
get plain alt JavaScript or object in a
console with properties name and Ag and
as for Transformations which git is
going to apply to our Json module we can
see that it converts Json syntax into
ecmascript syntax which of course allows
us to import Json files as normal
ecmascript modules in our JavaScript
source files and since the default
expert that we get is normal JavaScript
object we can easily apply the
structuring and extract only necessary
Fields name and H
and sure enough in a console we're going
to get value of every field exported
separately so this is how easy it is to
work with Json files in viit
projects in this lesson we're going to